{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red154\green154\blue154;\red255\green39\blue18;\red154\green154\blue154;
\red217\green11\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17120\viewh11480\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 TO DO:
\b0 \
\cf2 - logo needs words DONE\cf0 \
- homepage slider needs to link to on click drop downs (think about this, what is the purpose for each slide, is this a necessary feature?)\
\cf2 - introduce 3rd color. orange or pale green for call to actions DONE\cf0 \
\cf2 - fix main image to fit on all screens, currently too small. DONE\cf0 \
\cf2 - current forms are on homepage, so they will be expecting that functionality in the redesign. explore lightbox/dropdown options for this, or will have to link to another page. DONE\
\cf0 - send both of the final invoices for design and implementation, separately but at the same time.\
\
\
top nag should be just like version 1, how it fades (maybe) in, logo should be long version from the start.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf3 executing the fade on this design really doesn\'92t work well with the current design, especially on the interior pages, so hopefully you are alright with revisiting that at a later time if you are really set on implementing it, and compromising with no initial fade in for this design.  \cf0 \
\
\cf4 Home, About, Press, Blog | Join, Sign In (separate join/sign in make buttons instead of links)\cf0 \
\

\i mobile # needs to be in the header on every page too.\

\i0 \cf5 - Numbers are for footers, not headers. \cf0 \
\
Tabs a section below the nav that changes pictures on the main slider once clicked \
DROPDOWN ON PREV SITE WILL BE UTILIZED HERE\
\
\cf4 make learn more and text pop out more, make it crisp. \cf0 \
\
Make buttons change to \'93Partner\'94 to wufo form and \'93Rider\'94 to registration.\
partner / learn more to another page. \
\cf3 these forms will need to link to another page, unless lightbox pop up can be configured and works on mobile. \cf0 \
\
\cf4 Reserve a bike change to Learn More in the footer. \cf0 \

\i make color links stand out more, less grey, more black.\

\i0 \cf3 not touching this unless he brings it up again, just made phone number stand out more.\cf0 \
\

\b \ul zip car
\b0 \ulnone  arrows to next section and orange call to actions he likes, introduce another color to the site. \
\
\cf4 Where we are section, in a few places so highlight the major cities instead of just a map, graphic designer working on image. \
\cf3 waiting on designer for new map\cf0 \
\
______________________________________________\
\
template pages need to keep functionality, so go through interior pages on current site to see which template will work best with the functionality they need to keep.\
\
______________________________________________\
\
SEO guy, possibly consult with him.\
wufo forms\
\
______________________________________________\
______________________________________________\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}